The tax selection view is intended to help you with the selection of a proper rank for the next step
of the analysis. Except for the title on top there are four major fields that provide information for you.
The most important are the pie charts and the vertical bars for each of the selected conditions.
The pie charts show the taxonomic composition on the current rank in the taxonomic tree. However as
you traverse down the tree you will recognize that only ratios are shown in the pie chart and no
absolute values. 
As an example image you are on the phylum level and see a almost red colored chart. This would only
mean that on this rank all counts belong to one class, but you will not know how many counts or how
many counts relatve to the total amount of counts were assigned to this category.
To see this the count ratio bars below each of the pie charts are provided.
The black bar indicates how many percent the current taxonomy - as stated in the title - has and the
colored bars show how many percent the selected taxonomy - the one that you hovered or clicked -
has.
In the info field on the lower left you will see additional information of the selected taxonomy.
You can also double click on the tax id to open a link to the ncbi tax page in a web browser to get
more information about the selected taxonomy.
Once you selected a taxonomy by clicking on it in the pie chart the principal component analysis on
the right side updates. It is used to give you a hint about the quality of your conditions. It is
good if each samples that belong to one condition are clearly seperable from samples belonging to
another category.
Last you will find a control field on the lower right. This is where you found the help button to
see this text.
You will find also buttons to traverse the tree downwards once you selected a taxonomy or upwards.
The proceed button will take you to the next step of the analysis performed on the taxonomy you
selected if any or the current taxonomy as stated in the title.
